# FarmersMarket
 
A farmer’s market is a physical retail market place intended to sell foods directly by farmers to consumers. The Online Farmers Market is the web based android shopping system for fruits, vegetables and flowers which are grown by farmers. All the products which are grown in the fields are directly available here which are fresh from the fields. This application helps the farmers to sell their goods to customers directly.
	By doing this we can reduce the margin of the middle men so that the price of the products will be cheaper compared to the local offline market. The main motto here is to get the customers the fresh goods from the farmers directly the customers. This application helps the registered users to login themselves and shop for the particular product. The user can order multiple products at one time.
	In this project provides the rich user interface for the customers. The Customers can order the goods for less price. The users can order multiple products at once so that they can receive all the products which they want at one shot. The user needs to be registered before login and after login they can view the products and the products which they need can be ordered. 
	The system provides the various payment options which the users can use at the time of ordering. The application is designed into two modules first is for customers who is willing to buy the products. Second is the admin who will maintain the product details, user details and other shipment information. 
	All the products available from our application will be undergoing through the quality check once the products pass the quality check will be delivered to the customers.
